README.MD, before:

MUSICAPP README FILE

![img.png](img.png)

POST == http://localhost:9093/auth/users/register  ==  Register a user           == PUBLIC
POST == http://localhost:9093/auth/users/login     ==  Logs a user in            == PUBLIC
GET  == http://localhost:9093/api/genres       ==  Lists all genres      == PRIVATE
GET  == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}     ==  Gets a single genre with the supplied id == PRIVATE
POST == http://localhost:9093/api/genres  ==  Creates a new genre == PRIVATE
PUT == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}  ==  Updates a genre with the supplied id == PRIVATE
DELETE == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}  ==  Deletes a genre with the supplied id == PRIVATE
POST == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}/songs  ==  Creates a new song in the given genre == PRIVATE
GET == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}/songs  ==  List all songs in the given genre == PRIVATE
PUT == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}/songs/{id}  ==  Updates a song in the given genre == PRIVATE
DELETE == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}/songs/{id}  ==  Deletes a song in the given genre == PRIVATE

Commit message:

small update to GenreRepo and ReadMe is updated with intialintro and ERD Diagram

README.MD, after:

MUSICAPP README FILE

**Project Goal:** A music app that allows users to create genre-specific list of their favorite songs and be able to save it in their user profile.

**ERD Diagrams:**

Initial mock up:
This was our initial ERD mock up of the MusicApp. It was going have 2 types of users that can have a profile. A regular user and an artist (of the song). The songs would be associated with a single genre. 
![initial_mockup.png](initial_mockup.png)


![img.png](img.png)

POST == http://localhost:9093/auth/users/register  ==  Register a user           == PUBLIC
POST == http://localhost:9093/auth/users/login     ==  Logs a user in            == PUBLIC
GET  == http://localhost:9093/api/genres       ==  Lists all genres      == PRIVATE
GET  == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}     ==  Gets a single genre with the supplied id == PRIVATE
POST == http://localhost:9093/api/genres  ==  Creates a new genre == PRIVATE
PUT == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}  ==  Updates a genre with the supplied id == PRIVATE
DELETE == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}  ==  Deletes a genre with the supplied id == PRIVATE
POST == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}/songs  ==  Creates a new song in the given genre == PRIVATE
GET == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}/songs  ==  List all songs in the given genre == PRIVATE
PUT == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}/songs/{id}  ==  Updates a song in the given genre == PRIVATE
DELETE == http://localhost:9093/api/genres/{id}/songs/{id}  ==  Deletes a song in the given genre == PRIVATE
